Christmas holidays as started for me.
    
I think I finished all needed stuff for work. Also messaged people online for a final happy holiday greetings of the year. Will go offline til January and figure out my rhythm for next year.
    
Reading Radical Candor by Kim Scott. Feels like a lot of these kind of books are a rehash of concepts in "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People" and "How to Win Friends and Influence People" -- I recommend those first before this one! I like that “humility” was also given a spotlight; there's not enough attention to the effectivity/productivity of acknowledging you can be wrong and welcoming feedback (both praise & criticism). Hard to capture in a paragraph though -- ask me to elaborate if you want and when given the chance!

Also reinforced the idea that 'writing a story' in my head about people, with prejudice, is unproductive. Assumptions are never good; always verify before forming judgments and/or giving feedbacks.

Spent some time in Aachen, Germany with the fam. Walked around the Christmas Market there. Food trip galore, sat at cafes, read books, bought stuff. :)

But the highlight is going to Monschau on a day trip. Kahel buit a small snowman.

Also, realized down-time travel time is infinitely more productive when listening to Audio books. It is especially effective for me for books I have already finished and just need a review. So I am glad I have a copy of the 7-habits book ready -- I finished that one years ago, listening to the audio is mostly just a review.

Stopping now before this becomes a long blog about books; seems I need to write that separately...
    